Added a best practices guide for import export (#559)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/doc-Content_Management_Guide/topics/Using_ISS.adoc

=== Scenarios

* If you want to copy some but not all content from your {ProjectServer} to other {ProjectServer}s.
For example, you have Content Views that your IT department validates on {ProjectServer}, and you want to copy content from those Content Views to other {ProjectServer}s.

* If you want to copy all library content from your {ProjectServer} to other {ProjectServer}s.
For example, you have Products and repositories that your IT department validates on {ProjectServer} in the Library, and you want to copy all Products and repositories in that organization to other {ProjectServer}s.

* If you have both connected and disconnected {ProjectServer}s, and want to copy content from the connected servers to the disconnected servers.
For example, you require complete isolation of your management infrastructure for security or other purposes.

These scenarios require at least two {ProjectServer}s: one {ProjectServer} that is connected to the outside world and contains content to export, and another {ProjectServer} that is disconnected that you want to import content to.

[[img-disconnected]]

> ifdef::satellite[]

Author: I might need to create a diff img

> ifdef::satellite[]

Reviewer: For Satellite, they'll use some Red Hat designer. If this image is good enough for upstream, leave it!

{SmartProxyServer} supports synchronization natively.
For more information, see {PlanningDocURL}chap-Documentation-Architecture_Guide-Capsule_Server_Overview[{SmartProxyServer} Overview] in _Planning for {ProjectNameX}_.

==== Air gapped

In this scenario, you have one connected {ProjectServer} that is receiving content from an external source like the CDN.
The rest of your infrastructure is completely isolated, including another disconnected {ProjectServer}.
The connected {ProjectServer} is mainly used as a content store for updates.
The disconnected {ProjectServer} serves as the main {ProjectServer} for managing content for all infrastructure behind the isolated network.

.On the connected {ProjectServer}

. Ensure that repositories are using the immediate download policy, either by:
.. For existing repos using *On Demand* change their download policy on the repository details page to *Immediate* and resync
.. For new repositories, ensure that the *Default Red Hat Repository download policy* setting is set to *Immediate* before enabling RH repos, and *Default download policy* is set to *Immediate* for custom repositories

> .. see xref:Importing_Content-Configuring_Download_Policies[] for more information.

Author: You want me to just do?

```suggestion
see xref:Importing_Content-Configuring_Download_Policies[] for more information.
```

> .. see xref:Importing_Content-Configuring_Download_Policies[] for more information.

Reviewer: Yeah I don't understand why this was added as a sub heading on its own...

You can then manage content using Content Views or Lifecycle Environments as you require on the disconnected {ProjectServer}.

==== Disconnected

In this scenario, your connected {ProjectServer} is receiving content from an external source like the CDN. The rest of your infrastructure is completely isolated, including a disconnected {ProjectServer}.
However, the connected {ProjectServer} is not only used as a content store, but also is used to manage content.
Updates coming from the CDN are curated into Content Views and Lifecycle Environments.
Once the content has been promoted to a designated Lifecycle Environment, the content can be exported and imported into the disconnected {ProjectServer}.

.On the connected {ProjectServer}
. Ensure that repositories are using the immediate download policy, either by:
.. For existing repos using *On Demand* change their download policy on the repository details page to *Immediate* and resync
.. For new repositories, ensure that the *Default Red Hat Repository download policy* setting is set to *Immediate* before enabling RH repos, and *Default download policy* is set to *Immediate* for custom repositories

> .. see xref:Importing_Content-Configuring_Download_Policies[] for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
see xref:Importing_Content-Configuring_Download_Policies[] for more information.
```

. Enable any content that you want to use (refer to xref:Importing_Content-Selecting_Red_Hat_Repositories_to_Synchronize[].)
. Synchronize the enabled content.

> . On updates republish the desired Content Views (see xref:Managing_Content_Views[].)

Reviewer: This sentence makes no sense?

> . For the first export do a `complete version` export on the desired Content View version.(see xref:Using_ISS-Exporting-a-Content-View-Version[].)  This will generate content archives that could be imported into one or more disconnected {ProjectServer}s.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. For the first export, perform a `complete version` export on the Content View Version that you want to export. 
For more information see, xref:Using_ISS-Exporting-a-Content-View-Version[].  
This generates content archives that you can import into one or more disconnected {ProjectServer}s.
```

> . Export all future updates in the connected {ProjectServer}s incrementally (see xref:Using_ISS-Exporting-a-Content-View-Version-Incremental[].) This will generate leaner content archives with only changes from the previous set of updates. So for example if your Content View had a new repository this exported content archive will only contain the changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Export all future updates in the connected {ProjectServer}s incrementally. For more information, see xref:Using_ISS-Exporting-a-Content-View-Version-Incremental[]. This generates leaner content archives that include changes only from the previous set of updates. For example, if your Content View has a new repository, this exported content archive  contains only the latest changes.
```

.On the disconnected {ProjectServer}

. Copy the exported content archive from the connected {ProjectServer}.
. Import the content to the organization that you want.
For more information, see xref:Using_ISS-Importing-Content-View-Version[].
This will create a content view version from the exported content archives and them import  content appropriately.

=== Keeping track of your exports

> If you are exporting content to several disconnected {ProjectServer}s then using a `--destination-server` option can be very useful  (see xref:Using_ISS-Destination-Server[].)  This will indicate to the exporting {ProjectServer} and provide a way to organize/book keep on what versions got exported to a given destination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are exporting content to several disconnected {ProjectServer}s then using a `--destination-server` option  provides a way to organize or maintain a record of what versions got exported to a given destination.
For more information, see xref:Using_ISS-Destination-Server[].  

```

{ProjectName} uses Inter-{Project} Synchronization (ISS) to synchronize content {ProjectServer}s, or between organizations on {ProjectServer}.

=== Scenarios

* If you want to copy some but not all content from your {ProjectServer} to other {ProjectServer}s.
For example, you have Content Views that your IT department validates on {ProjectServer}, and you want to copy content from those Content Views to other {ProjectServer}s.

* If you want to copy all library content from your {ProjectServer} to other {ProjectServer}s.

> For example, you have Products and repositories that your IT department validates on {ProjectServer} in the Library, and you want to copy all Products and repositories in that organization to other {ProjectServer}s.

Author: `You` is used pretty strongly in our docs. I just did a git grep of `you` under `foreman-documentation/guides/doc-Content_Management_Guide` and found 506 instances of `you`. That being said I am willing to change itif @melcorr is in agreement.

> For example, you have Products and repositories that your IT department validates on {ProjectServer} in the Library, and you want to copy all Products and repositories in that organization to other {ProjectServer}s.

Reviewer 2: Not a hard ask :)

In many cases, the exported archive content can be several gigabytes in size. You might want to split it smaller sizes or chunks. You can use the `--chunk-size-gb` option with in the `hammer content-export` command to handle this. The following example uses the `--chunk-size-gb=2` to split the archives into `2 GB` chunks.

[options="nowrap" subs="+quotes"]
----
# hammer content-export complete version --content-view=view --version=1.0 --organization=export-21527 --chunk-size-gb=2

# ls -lh  /var/lib/pulp/exports/export-21527/view/1.0/2021-02-25T21-15-22-00-00/
----

[[Using_ISS-Destination-Server]]

> .Export with destination servers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Keeping track of your exports
```

In many cases, the exported archive content can be several gigabytes in size. You might want to split it smaller sizes or chunks. You can use the `--chunk-size-gb` option with in the `hammer content-export` command to handle this. The following example uses the `--chunk-size-gb=2` to split the archives into `2 GB` chunks.

[options="nowrap" subs="+quotes"]
----
# hammer content-export complete version --content-view=view --version=1.0 --organization=export-21527 --chunk-size-gb=2

# ls -lh  /var/lib/pulp/exports/export-21527/view/1.0/2021-02-25T21-15-22-00-00/
----

[[Using_ISS-Destination-Server]]
=== Keeping track of your exports

Consider the following scenario:

You are exporting and importing content across several {ProjectServer}s.
If you have to keep track of which server imports what content and what can and cannot be incrementally updated, things can get tedious.

> This is where the `--destination-server` option becomes useful.

Reviewer 2: These lines can be streamlined (also didn't like the usage of tedious - that sets a negative image) to something like:

`When importing content to several {ProjectServer}s, the --destination-server option is especially useful for keeping track of which content was exported and to where.`

Author: /me needs to be more positive....

[[Using_ISS-Exporting-Library]]

> === Exporting Library

Author: Hmm given its like "Export everything in the Library Environment" will  'Exporting a Library' work

> === Exporting Library

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Exporting your Library Environment
```
How about that?

[[Using_ISS-Exporting-Library]]

> === Exporting your Library Environment

Reviewer 2: `Exporting the Library Environment`

.On the connected {ProjectServer}

* Set the`Default Red Hat Repository download policy` to immediate.
* Enable the desired content
* Synchronize the enabled content.
* On updates republish the desired Content Views.
* For the first export do a `complete version` export on the desired Content View version.(see xref:Using_ISS-Exporting-a-Content-View-Version[].)  This will generate content archives that could be imported into one or more disconnected {ProjectServer}s.
* Export all future updates in the connected {ProjectServer}s incrementally (see xref:Using_ISS-Exporting-a-Content-View-Version-Incremental[].) This will generate leaner content archives with only changes from the previous set of updates. So for example if your Content View had a new repository this exported content archive will only contain the changes.

.On the disconnected {ProjectServer}

> * Copy the desired exported content archive from the connected {ProjectServer}.
> * Import content to the desired organization (see xref:Using_ISS-Importing-Content-View-Version[].)
> * This will create a content view version from the exported content archives and them import  content appropriately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Copy the exported content archive from the connected {ProjectServer}.
. Import the content to the organization that you want. 
For more information, see xref:Using_ISS-Importing-Content-View-Version[].
This will create a content view version from the exported content archives and them import  content appropriately.
```

> === Using destination servers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Keeping track of your exports
```

This Content View is used to facilitate the library content import.

=== Example Scenarios

> The import and export functionality can be used mainly in the following scenarios:

Reviewer 3: Lines 352-361 appear to be a repeat of the scenarios described at the beginning of the file.  Do we need to repeat this info?

Also, would it be better move the definition of air-gapped and disconnected scenarios to the section at the beginning of the file/chapter?  The intent would be to describe to the user that this feature has been designed with a goal to support these scenarios.  (That said, the steps in the examples does not need to be in the intro). 

It may also be important to note somewhere (if not already mentioned) that content views associated with imported content view versions, may not be managed on that server (i.e. they are locked).

Author: > Also, would it be better move the definition of air-gapped and disconnected scenarios to the section at the beginning of the file/chapter?

This section was called 'Best Practices'  and then got moved to `Example Scenarios`. Hmm the way I see it we first introduce the feature, show things you can do with import/export (how to xyz..) and then say "if you  are in this situation do this."

@melcorr Do you prefer moving the full section to  the top ?

Author: More I think of it. I think top down is better. Going to implement that

For example, you require complete isolation of your management infrastructure for security or other purposes.

These scenarios require at least two {ProjectServer}s: one {ProjectServer} that is connected to the outside world and contains content to export, and another {ProjectServer} that is disconnected that you want to import content to.

[[img-disconnected]]
ifdef::satellite[]
image::Disconnected.png[title="The {ProjectNameX} ISS use cases", alt="The {ProjectNameX} ISS use cases"]
endif::[]
==== Air gapped

In this scenario, you have one connected {ProjectServer} that is receiving content from an external source like the CDN.
The rest of your infrastructure is completely isolated, including another disconnected {ProjectServer}.
The connected {ProjectServer} is mainly used as a content store for updates.
The disconnected {ProjectServer} serves as the main {ProjectServer} for managing content for all infrastructure behind the isolated network.

.On the connected {ProjectServer}

. Set the`Default Red Hat Repository download policy` to *Immediate* (see xref:Importing_Content-Configuring_Download_Policies[].)

> . Enable the content that you require.

Reviewer 4: it might make more sense to just say:

* ensure that repositories are using the immediate download policy, either by:
  *   For existing repos using "On Demand" change their download policy on the repository details page to 'immediate' and resync
  * For new repositories, ensure that the 'Default Red Hat Repository download policy' setting is set to 'immediate' before enabling RH repos, and 'Default download policy' is set to immediate for custom repositories

Author: +1

----
. Since nothing changed between the previous export and now in the Organization's library environment the change files are really small.

[[Using_ISS-Importing-Library]]

> === Importing into your Library Environment

Reviewer 2: `Importing into the Library Environment`
